that they're small and I'm hitting the
Ronnie down down down he's down there's
a guy right in front of you clutching
yeah guess they're gonna be able to get
to do season Sam you might be able to
Sam's gonna get it same guy get punished
Oh
oh my god everybody collapse under me I
have one boom there's two stairs I got
one in here I'm calling that guy you can
push so fast it don't mean it's gotta
tone inside let me know if someone runs
in yeah we all have cell mates we all
still mate
yeah no I got me on boys dude let me
know what I can do I'm just holding this
film it you guys dang dude you can
probably push that person clutching
that's a girl don't dog me like that the
other pistol ran inside ooh watch out
that guy for in nays 4 News he doesn't
think though
if you just keep distance all right they
know they cannot get caught you do it
then come out with me sis
tell me about freedom shit they're gonna
run right in let's pistol I'm not gonna
go go a childless couple I see one -
whoo - I got one guy doing a plain pussy
oh all right I'll call it one yeah once
that's working ones where that one's
going forward right now I'm coming down
to you dude memorize gonna thwart he's
going forth now the other guys going
toward I'm behind you they know they
cannot win yeah if you have three inside
you might not want to play eight because
they might push you - yeah I could go
wide and play piano
come with me Sam now comes in with me we
gotta try out every strap because they
only have one I'm picking this shit
right up they have to play up on the car
yeah
I don't have anymore you gotta kill down
he's for he's down pushing me keep the
understand bag we went over every single
strap let's get it